Rendering LaTeX Equations Locally (#306)
ONSdigital/dis-wagtail: README.md

   using the Docker setup.
5. **[Node](https://nodejs.org/en)** and **[`nvm` (Node Version Manager)](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm)** for front-end
   tooling.
6. **[JQ](https://jqlang.github.io/jq/)** for the step in the build that installs the design system templates.

> 7. **[MacPorts](https://www.macports.org/install.php)**: We need MacPorts so we can install the required packages to render equations using LaTeX strings via Matplotlib locally (outside of a docker container).

Reviewer: Nit: The requirement is `texlive-latex-extra` rather than MacPorts specifically, right? Perhaps worth changing this to be more explicit

```suggestion
7. `texlive-latex-extra`: Required by `matplotlib` to render LaTeX equations. See [below](#installing-the-required-latex-packages-for-local-development) for instructions on how to install on macOS.
```

> EMAIL_BACKEND = 'django.core.mail.backends.console.EmailBackend'
> ```

### Installing The Required LaTeX Packages For Local Development

In order to generate the equations in Wagtail using LaTeX strings via Matplotlib (Non-JS Equations), we will need to use `MacPorts` to install the following packages `texlive-latex-extra`.

As a prerequisite you will have to have [MacPorts](https://www.macports.org/install.php) installed.

```bash

> sudo port install texlive-latex-extra

Reviewer 2: For me, it still doesn't work, as it complains about fonts when trying to generate an equation.
I get `! LaTeX Error: File 'type1ec.sty' not found.`

Installing the following fixed it: `sudo port install texlive-fonts-recommended`

Reviewer 2: Still no luck, the pkg installer already supposedly runs `sudo port -v selfupdate`, but I have tried it manually, then reinstalled `texlive-latex-extra` and still no joy. Can you try the following formula and see if it works `$$\sum_{i=0}^n i^2 = \frac{(n^2+n)(2n+1)}{6}$$`.

Author: I'll do a fresh install from scratch and also got @AdamHawtin to test the instructions to see why we are experiencing different behaviours. Let's see comes out of it

Author: Done! [6cd9231](https://github.com/ONSdigital/dis-wagtail/pull/306/commits/6cd9231266845164af17ba3e7b237e6fc6a924a2)

> ```

Reviewer 2: Just a heads up, although installing the .pkg file is supposed to automatically update your PATH so that MacPorts can be found, this didn't happen for me (prob some local issue). I had to manually add it myself. So, if devs encounter issues with MacPorts not being recognised, they should add the following to their PATH.

```
export PATH=/opt/local/bin:/opt/local/sbin:$PATH
```

The documentation suggests that the installer should add it automatically when using the pkg installer https://guide.macports.org/#installing.shell.postflight.
